        #بسم الله #
# ch01 :
    1. Introduction to data and data types
        a. data is information that is stored or processed by a computer.
        b. common types of data is numbers, letters, boolean (true, false), 
        c. data type : an attribute of data that describes the values it can have and how the data can be used .
    2. Numerical data types :
        a. whole (int, short or long) numbers & decimal(floats or double) number
            what's the difference between these dataa types ?
            answer:  is the precision with which they store their values or the difference in the range of numerical values that data types can store.
            you can see the number_pic to got it  
    
    3. Booleans and characters : 
        a. booleans has two possible values true & false most use of them in conditions is true or false.
        b. booleans are one bit since true =1 & false = 0 that mean they are stored in one bit 
    4. Primitive types in memory
        a. all data we store like ints, doubles, longs, floats, booleans or etc.... are primitive types.
        b. these can also be called basic or value types 'cause these are types that have a fixed size that size doesn't depends on the data inside of them .
            ex : double in c# or in java always 64bit .
    5. Introduction to data structures
        a. data structures are containers they allow us to combine several pieces of data into single structure.
        b. data structures are made up of pieces of data .
    6. Strings :
        a. string is a sequence of characters it's data type that built out of another data type.
    7. Primitive vs. reference types in memory
        a. with primitive data types we know exactly how much space they will take up.
            referenced types   VS  primitive types
              (variableName ->      (variableName ->
                memoryAddress ->       data )
                value) 

                .strings            .int
                .data structures    .boolean
                                    .character
                                    .float
                                    .double
    