#in this chapter you will learn.
1. variables and data type .
    a.variables are the containers of the value you assign to it .
    b. how this work ? when you run your program the computer will give a memory where you can put data that you want to use.
    . google search for data types in python
        Data/Variable types:
        Text: String(str when writing code)
        Number: Integer(int), float, complex
        Sequence: list, tuple, range
        Mapping: Dictionary
        Boolean: bool
        binary: bytes, bytearray, memoryview

2. comparing between data types in other langs like java objective c.

3.the rules you have to follow to write variables
    a. vars name should contains only letters,numbers,and underscore note: even the numbers are allowed but your variable name shouldn't start with numbers.
        ex: 3blindmice wouldn't be a valid name
    b. spaces aren't allowed 
        ex: account balance is error but account_balance is good
    c. python is case sensitive 
        ex: message != Message in vars names.
    d. reserved words n't allowed to be variables names
        ex: Variables can't be keywords

4.how to work with numbers 
    a. numbers type : Integer(int), float.
    b. operators : +, -, *, /, %, // .
    c. not allowed to use commas in numbers
        ex: 45,000 that because the use of commas will confuse the python interpreter.

5.how to work with Strings
    a. strings should be inside double quotes "" or single quotes ''
        ex: print("hello world").
        ex: print('hello world').
    b.not allowed to write double quotes inside double quotes.
    c. it's okay to write single quotes inside double quotes , or vice versa.

6. empty lines or white space.
    a. it help us to make every thing clear or easy to read.


###important note the more you practice the more you  the more you follow the rules of any programming language . + always search before ask your mentor or instructor.

7. comments : helps you to understand your code you write in the past 
    a. in python we use # to comment the code .

